I can't stand it either
But what can be done?
We can't earn his handle
There is no handle to make a handle.
Qunmei, what way do you use to deal with his father?
Before, when I was in charge of the group
I found the most professional accountant in the country
Manipulated the accounts
Ordinary people can't see it at all
Now the group belongs to Luoying blood vessels
We can use that to suppress him well
That's a good idea.
Then I will mobilize the rental house now
Go to the Rockwell Group to check his accounts
Without further ado
To prevent him from finding this loophole later
Liang Kun, take Xunmei with you now
Luo's will check the account immediately. Yes.
Bingshenhuang
This is the manager I transferred from Pengzhou
His name is He Quan
Is the top financial person in the world
There are no financial problems that he can't find out
Hello, Emperor
Check the financial statements.
And don't call me Lord Shenhuang in the company
Yes
Luo Yuansong is still going to arrange work, right?